Team Name: Hexico Games Ltd.
Team Members: Lucas Baker, Colin McNeil, William Hemric, Ilan Hutchinson
Genre: Underwater, greyscale, adventure

Instructions: 
The game begins with the submarine going down a sunlit underwater trench.
At the top of the screen are two meters: a health meter and a fossil meter. 
Players must be careful to avoid the sides of the trench, as well as sharks and swordfish which, if the player collides with them, will deal damage until they reach the top of the screen and disappear. 
The submarine has no weapons, so all the player can do is use the arrow keys to avoid enemies.
There are no health pickups.
Colliding with hazards results in a depletion of the health bar, and once it reaches zero, the lose screen (which shows the broken submarine on the seabed with the aquasaurus' eyes in the background and a 'You Lose' message) appears.
There is a replay button on the lose screen.

Also scattered throughout the first of our two levels are a plethora of aquasaurus fossils, which raise the fossil meter when collided with. 
However, colliding with a shark causes the fossil meter to decrease by 1, and with a swordfish, by 2.
When the player successfully collects 6 fossils, the player moves to a transition level, where they pilot their submarine into a narrow trench.

The next (and final) level takes place in the dark seabed of the trench. 
This area uses views so the player cannot see all their surroundings at once.
However, the depth is marked throughout the area so they will not completely lose their bearings.
There is no fossil meter this time, just the health bar. 
The objective is to find and collect the egg. 
However, as the player explores, they will encounter a fully-grown aquasaurus, which will pursue them and try to destroy the submarine by shooting toxic bubbles at it or by consuming it. 
The player’s only hope is to find and collect the egg at the seabed, whereupon the aquasaurus will disappear and the submarine will rise to the surface.

The (ironic) win screen is then shown, which depicts the submarine traveling towards the surface - only to come face-to-face with the charging aquasaurus.
There is a 'Return to Menu' button on the win screen.
